reduce brands/brand confusion on Brands API docs (#3344)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/brands/index.md

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/brands" />

List all the brands in your org. 

#### Response body

> Array of the [Brand Response](#brand-response-object).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Array of the [Brand Response](#brand-response-object)
```

> > **Important**: Currently only one Brand per org is supported, therefore this will contain one single object only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important**: Currently only one Brand per org is supported, therefore this contains a single object only.
```

Array of the [Theme Response](#theme-response-object)

> > **Important**: Currently only one Theme per org is supported, therefore this will contain one single object only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important**: Currently only one Theme per org is supported, therefore this contains a single object only.
```
